Barge Simone sets off its display!The sky is lit up by a bright Yellow flower of sparkles!The sky is split by a column of Red fire that then detonates!!The sky is lit up by a bright Yellow flower of sparkles!The sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of Blue fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of Blue fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of Red fire that then detonates!!The sky is lit up by a bright Purple flower of sparkles!The sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The firework goes off with a bangBarge Ben sets off its display!The sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The firework goes off with a bangThe sky is lit up by a bright Yellow flower of sparkles!The sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of Red fire that then detonates!!The firework goes off with a bangThe firework goes off with a bangThe sky is lit up by a bright Pink flower of sparkles!The sky is lit up by a bright Pink flower of sparkles!The sky is lit up by a bright Pink flower of sparkles!Barge Luke sets off its display!The sky is lit up by a bright Pink flower of sparkles!The firework goes off with a bangThe sky is lit up by a bright Yellow flower of sparkles!The sky is split by a column of Red fire that then detonates!!The sky is lit up by a bright Yellow flower of sparkles!The firework goes off with a bangThe sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of White fire that then detonates!!The sky is lit up by a bright Pink flower of sparkles!The sky is split by a column of Red fire that then detonates!!The sky is split by a column of Red fire that then detonates!!The sky is lit up by a bright Pink flower of sparkles!The sky is split by a column of Red fire that then detonates!!